fix: Handles updates of `mongodbatlas_global_cluster_config` (#3060)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/global_cluster_config.md

-> **NOTE:** This resource can only be used with Atlas-managed clusters. See doc for `global_cluster_self_managed_sharding` attribute in [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster) for more info.

> ~> **IMPORTANT:** A Global Cluster Configuration can now be updated to add new custom zone mappings and managed namespaces. However, once configured, custom zone mappings cannot be modified or partially deleted (you must remove them all at once), and managed namespaces can be added or removed but cannot be modified. Any update that would change an existing managed namespace will result in an error. [Read more about Global Cluster Configuration](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/global-clusters/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **IMPORTANT:** A Global Cluster Configuration can be updated to add new custom zone mappings and managed namespaces. However, once configured, custom zone mappings cannot be modified or partially deleted (you must remove them all at once), and managed namespaces can be added or removed but cannot be modified. Any update that would change an existing managed namespace will result in an error. [Read more about Global Cluster Configuration](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/global-clusters/)
```

Reviewer: Can you also refer to our API docs in this section? https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Global-Clusters

And I'd check with Felix / upstream on the correctness of this. Ideally they should have a task to update it on the API docs

Author: Added the API, will ask for review to the upstream team as well

> ~> **IMPORTANT:** A Global Cluster Configuration can be updated to add new custom zone mappings and managed namespaces. However, once configured, custom zone mappings cannot be modified or partially deleted (you must remove them all at once), and managed namespaces can be added or removed but cannot be modified. Any update that would change an existing managed namespace will result in an error. [Read more about Global Cluster Configuration](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/global-clusters/). For more details, see [Global Clusters API](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Global-Clusters)

Reviewer 2: Consider rephrasing, found it hard to understand this.
Maybe:
A Global Cluster Configuration doesn't support modifying existing namespaces, but additions and deletions are allowed. [...]. (the rest as before from) Any update that would change an existing managed namespace will result in an error

Author: Let's wait for docs team to review and advise on best wording for this

Reviewer 3: I'll let the docs team advise on wording, but the overall message LGTM from the Atlas side.

> ~> **IMPORTANT:** A Global Cluster Configuration can be updated to add new custom zone mappings and managed namespaces. However, once configured, custom zone mappings cannot be modified or partially deleted (you must remove them all at once), and managed namespaces can be added or removed but cannot be modified. Any update that would change an existing managed namespace will result in an error. [Read more about Global Cluster Configuration](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/global-clusters/). For more details, see [Global Clusters API](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Global-Clusters)

Reviewer 4: few edits, mainly changing to second person and removing passive voice
```suggestion
~> **IMPORTANT:** You can update a Global Cluster Configuration to add new custom zone mappings and managed namespaces. However, once configured, you can't modify or partially delete custom zone mappings (you must remove them all at once). You can add or remove, but can't modify, managed namespaces. Any update that changes an existing managed namespace results in an error. [Read more about Global Cluster Configuration](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/global-clusters/). For more details, see [Global Clusters API](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Global-Clusters)
```
